Label;Label;Title
Alston, J.M;Alston, J.M;A meta analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D.
C. Chan-Kang;C. Chan-Kang;A meta analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D.
M.C. Marra;M.C. Marra;A meta analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D.
P.G. Pardey;P.G. Pardey;A meta analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D.
T.J. Wyatt;T.J. Wyatt;A meta analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D.
Alston, J.M;Alston, J.M;Science under scarcity: Principles and practice of agricultural research evaluation and priority setting.
G.W. Norton;G.W. Norton;Science under scarcity: Principles and practice of agricultural research evaluation and priority setting.
P.G. Pardey;P.G. Pardey;Science under scarcity: Principles and practice of agricultural research evaluation and priority setting.
Alston, J.M;Alston, J.M;Research returns redux: A meta-analysis of the returns to agricultural R&D.
M.C. Marra;M.C. Marra;Research returns redux: A meta-analysis of the returns to agricultural R&D.
P.G. Pardey;P.G. Pardey;Research returns redux: A meta-analysis of the returns to agricultural R&D.
T.J. Wyatt;T.J. Wyatt;Research returns redux: A meta-analysis of the returns to agricultural R&D.
ARF;ARF;The Asia Rice Foundation.
Barker, R;Barker, R;The Philippine rice program - Lessons for agricultural development.
BAS;BAS;Bureau of Agricultural Statistics.
Blackorby, C;Blackorby, C;Will the real elasticity of substitution please stand up? (A comparison of the Allen/Uzawa and Morishima elasticitites).
R. Russell;R. Russell;Will the real elasticity of substitution please stand up? (A comparison of the Allen/Uzawa and Morishima elasticitites).
Cassman, K.G;Cassman, K.G;Extrapolating trends from long-term experiments to farmers fields: the case of irrigated rice systems in Asia.
P.L. Pingali;P.L. Pingali;Extrapolating trends from long-term experiments to farmers fields: the case of irrigated rice systems in Asia.
Cheyglinted, S;Cheyglinted, S;Assessment of the CERES-Rice model for rice production in the Central Plain of Thailand.
S.L. Ranamukhaarchchi;S.L. Ranamukhaarchchi;Assessment of the CERES-Rice model for rice production in the Central Plain of Thailand.
G. Singh;G. Singh;Assessment of the CERES-Rice model for rice production in the Central Plain of Thailand.
Christensen, L;Christensen, L;Economies of scale in US electric power generation.
W. Greene;W. Greene;Economies of scale in US electric power generation.
Christensen, L;Christensen, L;Transcendental logarithmic production frontiers.
D. Jorgenson;D. Jorgenson;Transcendental logarithmic production frontiers.
L. Lau;L. Lau;Transcendental logarithmic production frontiers.
Contado, T;Contado, T;Decentralization and agriculture service delivery - benchmarks, transfers and capacity building in intergovernmental relations in Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines.
Cororaton, C.B;Cororaton, C.B;Philippine agriculture and food policies: Implications for poverty and income distribution.
E.L. Corong;E.L. Corong;Philippine agriculture and food policies: Implications for poverty and income distribution.
Corton, T.M;Corton, T.M;Methane emission from irrigated and intensely managed rice fields in Central Luzon Philippines.
et al;et al;Methane emission from irrigated and intensely managed rice fields in Central Luzon Philippines.
Dalrymple, D.G;Dalrymple, D.G;Development and spread of high yielding varieities of wheat and rice in the less developed nations.
Dalrymple, D.G;Dalrymple, D.G;Evaluating the impact of international research on wheat and rice production in the developing nations.
David, C;David, C;Averting the water crisis in Philippine agriculture: Policy and program framework for irrigation development in the Philippines.
David, C;David, C;Fertilizer demand in the Asian rice economy.
David, C;David, C;The Philippine hybrid rice program: A case of redesign and scaling down.
David, C;David, C;Philippine rice supply and demand: Prospects and policy implications.
A. Balisacan;A. Balisacan;Philippine rice supply and demand: Prospects and policy implications.
David, C;David, C;Modern rice and technology and income distribution in Asia.
K. Otsuka;K. Otsuka;Modern rice and technology and income distribution in Asia.
David, C;David, C;Modern rice varieties and fertilizer consumption.
R. Barker;R. Barker;Modern rice varieties and fertilizer consumption.
Dawe, D;Dawe, D;A second Green Revolution in the Philippines: Insecticide use on rice has declined to low levels.
Dawe, D;Dawe, D;Equity effects of rice trade liberalization in the Philippines.
Dawe, D;Dawe, D;The Philippines imports rice because it is an island nation.
Dawe, D;Dawe, D;Can nitrogen management in the Philippine rice production be improved?
P. Moya;P. Moya;Can nitrogen management in the Philippine rice production be improved?
F. Gascon;F. Gascon;Can nitrogen management in the Philippine rice production be improved?
M.V. Valencia;M.V. Valencia;Can nitrogen management in the Philippine rice production be improved?
N. Jamora;N. Jamora;Can nitrogen management in the Philippine rice production be improved?
De Datta, S.K;De Datta, S.K;Principles and practice of rice production.
Demont, M;Demont, M;First impact of biotechnology in the EU: Bt maize adoption in Spain.
E. Tollens;E. Tollens;First impact of biotechnology in the EU: Bt maize adoption in Spain.
Diewert, W;Diewert, W;Applications of Duality Theory.
Diewert, W;Diewert, W;Exact and superlative index numbers.
Dobermann, A;Dobermann, A;Rice straw management.
T.H. Fairhust;T.H. Fairhust;Rice straw management.
Duncan, R;Duncan, R;Research and technical progress: The returns to producers.
C. Tisdell;C. Tisdell;Research and technical progress: The returns to producers.
Estudillo, J;Estudillo, J;Lessons from three decades of Green Revolution in the Philippines.
K. Otsuka;K. Otsuka;Lessons from three decades of Green Revolution in the Philippines.
Evenson, R;Evenson, R;Economic impacts of agricultural research and extension.
Evenson, R;Evenson, R;Technology, infrastructure, output supply, and factor demand in Philippine agriculture.
J. Quizon;J. Quizon;Technology, infrastructure, output supply, and factor demand in Philippine agriculture.
Falck-Zepeda, J;Falck-Zepeda, J;Surplus distribution from the introduction of a biotechnology innovation.
G. Traxler;G. Traxler;Surplus distribution from the introduction of a biotechnology innovation.
R. Nelson;R. Nelson;Surplus distribution from the introduction of a biotechnology innovation.
Fan, S;Fan, S;Targeting public investments by agro-ecological zone to achieve growth and poverty alleviation goals in rural India.
P. Hazell;P. Hazell;Targeting public investments by agro-ecological zone to achieve growth and poverty alleviation goals in rural India.
T. Haque;T. Haque;Targeting public investments by agro-ecological zone to achieve growth and poverty alleviation goals in rural India.
FAO;FAO;United Nations - Food and Agriculture Organization.
Flinn, J.C;Flinn, J.C;Trends in irrigated rice yields under intensive cropping at Philippine research stations.
S.K. De Datta;S.K. De Datta;Trends in irrigated rice yields under intensive cropping at Philippine research stations.
Flores-Moya, P;Flores-Moya, P;Social returns to rice research in the Philippines: Domestic benefits and foreign spillover.
R.E. Evenson;R.E. Evenson;Social returns to rice research in the Philippines: Domestic benefits and foreign spillover.
Y. Hayami;Y. Hayami;Social returns to rice research in the Philippines: Domestic benefits and foreign spillover.
Gapasin, D.P;Gapasin, D.P;Rural growth and development revisited in the Philippines: Agricultural research, development and extension.
Gonzales, L;Gonzales, L;The hybrid rice commercialization program: A midterm assessment.
et al;et al;The hybrid rice commercialization program: A midterm assessment.
Griliches, Z;Griliches, Z;Research costs and social returns: Hybrid corn and related innovations.
Griliches, Z;Griliches, Z;Production function: Search for identification.
J. Mairesse;J. Mairesse;Production function: Search for identification.
Hayami, Y;Hayami, Y;Three three decades of Green Revolution in a Philippine village.
M. Kikuchi;M. Kikuchi;Three three decades of Green Revolution in a Philippine village.
Hayashi, F;Hayashi, F;Econometrics.
Herdt, R.W;Herdt, R.W;A retrospective view of technological and other changes in the Philippines.
Herdt, R.W;Herdt, R.W;An overview of the constraints project results.
Herdt, R.W;Herdt, R.W;Mechanization of rice production in developing Asian countries: Perspectives, evidences, and issues.
Herdt, R.W;Herdt, R.W;Modern technology and economic efficiency of Philippine rice farmers.
A.M. Mandac;A.M. Mandac;Modern technology and economic efficiency of Philippine rice farmers.
Herdt, R.W;Herdt, R.W;Adoption, spread and production impacts of modern rice varieties in Asia.
C. Capule;C. Capule;Adoption, spread and production impacts of modern rice varieties in Asia.
Herdt, R.W;Herdt, R.W;The economics of insect control in the Philippines.
L. Castillo;L. Castillo;The economics of insect control in the Philippines.
S. Jayasuriya;S. Jayasuriya;The economics of insect control in the Philippines.
Hyde, J;Hyde, J;The economics of Bt corn: Valuing protection from the European corn borer.
M.A. Martin;M.A. Martin;The economics of Bt corn: Valuing protection from the European corn borer.
P.V. Preckel;P.V. Preckel;The economics of Bt corn: Valuing protection from the European corn borer.
C.R. Edwards;C.R. Edwards;The economics of Bt corn: Valuing protection from the European corn borer.
Im, K.S;Im, K.S;Efficient estimation of panel data models with strictly exogenous explanatory variables.
S.C. Ahn;S.C. Ahn;Efficient estimation of panel data models with strictly exogenous explanatory variables.
P. Schmidt;P. Schmidt;Efficient estimation of panel data models with strictly exogenous explanatory variables.
J.M. Wooldridge;J.M. Wooldridge;Efficient estimation of panel data models with strictly exogenous explanatory variables.
Inocencio, A;Inocencio, A;Water resources and irrigation development.
R. Barker;R. Barker;Water resources and irrigation development.
Jones, J.W;Jones, J.W;Decision support system for agrotechnology transfer: DSSAT v3.
et al;et al;Decision support system for agrotechnology transfer: DSSAT v3.
Jones, J.W;Jones, J.W;The DSSAT cropping model.
et al;et al;The DSSAT cropping model.
Kmenta, J;Kmenta, J;Small sample properties of alternative estimators of seemingly unrelated regressions.
R. Gilbert;R. Gilbert;Small sample properties of alternative estimators of seemingly unrelated regressions.
Korten, F;Korten, F;Transforming a bureaucracy: The experience of the Philippine National Irrigation Administration.
R. Siy Jr;R. Siy Jr;Transforming a bureaucracy: The experience of the Philippine National Irrigation Administration.
Krugman, P;Krugman, P;Grains gone wild.
Lindner, R.K;Lindner, R.K;Supply shifts and the size of research benefits.
F.G. Jarrett;F.G. Jarrett;Supply shifts and the size of research benefits.
Llanto, G;Llanto, G;Infrastructure Development: Experience and Policy Options for the Future.
Marra, M.C;Marra, M.C;The payoffs to agricultural biotechnology: An assessment of the evidence.
P.G. Pardey;P.G. Pardey;The payoffs to agricultural biotechnology: An assessment of the evidence.
J.M. Alston;J.M. Alston;The payoffs to agricultural biotechnology: An assessment of the evidence.
Mas-Collel, A;Mas-Collel, A;Microeconomic Theory.
M.D. Whinston;M.D. Whinston;Microeconomic Theory.
J.R. Greene;J.R. Greene;Microeconomic Theory.
McFadden, D;McFadden, D;Cost, revenue, and profit functions.
Miller, G.Y;Miller, G.Y;The effects of supply shifts on producers' surplus.
J.M. Rosenblatt;J.M. Rosenblatt;The effects of supply shifts on producers' surplus.
L.J. Hushak;L.J. Hushak;The effects of supply shifts on producers' surplus.
Morrison, C;Morrison, C;Distinguishing external from internal scale effects: The case of public infrastructure.
A. Schwartz;A. Schwartz;Distinguishing external from internal scale effects: The case of public infrastructure.
Moschini, G;Moschini, G;Roundup Ready Soybeans and Welfare Effects in the Soybean Complex.
H. Lapan;H. Lapan;Roundup Ready Soybeans and Welfare Effects in the Soybean Complex.
A. Sobolevsky;A. Sobolevsky;Roundup Ready Soybeans and Welfare Effects in the Soybean Complex.
Moya, P;Moya, P;Mechanization and saving labor are the keys to making rice more competitive.
D. Dawe;D. Dawe;Mechanization and saving labor are the keys to making rice more competitive.
Mundlak, Y;Mundlak, Y;Production function estimation: Reviving the primal.
Mundlak, Y;Mundlak, Y;Determinants of agricultural productivity growth in Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand.
D.F. Larson;D.F. Larson;Determinants of agricultural productivity growth in Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand.
R. Butzer;R. Butzer;Determinants of agricultural productivity growth in Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand.
NIA;NIA;National Irrigation Administration.
NSCB;NSCB;National Statistical Coordination Board.
Panganiban, D;Panganiban, D;The political crops.
Peng, S.B;Peng, S.B;Yield potential trends of tropical rice since the release of IR8 and the challenge of increasing rice yield potential.
S.S. Casmann;S.S. Casmann;Yield potential trends of tropical rice since the release of IR8 and the challenge of increasing rice yield potential.
S.S. Virmani;S.S. Virmani;Yield potential trends of tropical rice since the release of IR8 and the challenge of increasing rice yield potential.
J.E. Sheehy;J.E. Sheehy;Yield potential trends of tropical rice since the release of IR8 and the challenge of increasing rice yield potential.
G.S. Khush;G.S. Khush;Yield potential trends of tropical rice since the release of IR8 and the challenge of increasing rice yield potential.
Peterson, W;Peterson, W;Return to poultry research in the United States.
PhilRice;PhilRice;Integrated crop management for irrigated lowland rice.
PhilRice-BAS;PhilRice-BAS;Philippine Rice Statistics Handbook 1970-2002.
Pingali, P.L;Pingali, P.L;Milestones in impact assessment in researc in the CGIAR, 1970-1999.
Pray, C.E;Pray, C.E;Impact of Bt cotton in China.
D. Ma;D. Ma;Impact of Bt cotton in China.
J. Huang;J. Huang;Impact of Bt cotton in China.
F. Qiao;F. Qiao;Impact of Bt cotton in China.
Ritchie, J.T;Ritchie, J.T;Cereal growth and development and yield.
U. Singh;U. Singh;Cereal growth and development and yield.
D.C. Godwin;D.C. Godwin;Cereal growth and development and yield.
W.T. Bowen;W.T. Bowen;Cereal growth and development and yield.
Rola, A, and P. Pingali;Rola, A, and P. Pingali;Pesticides, rice productivity, and health impacrs in the Philippines.
Sarkar, R;Sarkar, R;Evaluation of management strategies for sustainable rice-wheat cropping system using DSSAt season analysis.
S. Kar;S. Kar;Evaluation of management strategies for sustainable rice-wheat cropping system using DSSAt season analysis.
Schmitz, A;Schmitz, A;Mechanized agriculture and social welfare: The case of the tomato harvester.
D. Seckler;D. Seckler;Mechanized agriculture and social welfare: The case of the tomato harvester.
Schultz, T.W;Schultz, T.W;Transforming traditional agriculture.
Sebastian, L.S;Sebastian, L.S;Research and development.
F.H. Bordey;F.H. Bordey;Research and development.
V.L.E.B. Alpuerto;V.L.E.B. Alpuerto;Research and development.
Teruel, R.G;Teruel, R.G;Public infrastructure and productivity growth in Philippine agriculture, 1974-2000.
Y. Kuroda;Y. Kuroda;Public infrastructure and productivity growth in Philippine agriculture, 1974-2000.
Timsina, J;Timsina, J;Performance of CERES-Rice and CERES-Wheat models in rice-wheat systems: A review.
E. Humphreys;E. Humphreys;Performance of CERES-Rice and CERES-Wheat models in rice-wheat systems: A review.
Tiongco, M, and D. Dawe;Tiongco, M, and D. Dawe;Long term evolution of productivity in a sample Philippine rice farms: Implications for sustainability and future research.
Traxler, G;Traxler, G;Transgenic cotton in Mexico: Economics and environmental impact.
S. Godoy-Avila;S. Godoy-Avila;Transgenic cotton in Mexico: Economics and environmental impact.
J. Falck-Zepeda;J. Falck-Zepeda;Transgenic cotton in Mexico: Economics and environmental impact.
J.D. Espinoza-Arellano;J.D. Espinoza-Arellano;Transgenic cotton in Mexico: Economics and environmental impact.
Umetsu, C;Umetsu, C;Efficiency and technical change in the Philippine rice sector: A Malmquist total factor productivity analysis.
T. Lekprichakul;T. Lekprichakul;Efficiency and technical change in the Philippine rice sector: A Malmquist total factor productivity analysis.
U. Chakravorty;U. Chakravorty;Efficiency and technical change in the Philippine rice sector: A Malmquist total factor productivity analysis.
Varian, H;Varian, H;Microeconomic Analysis, 3rd Edition.
Von Braun, J;Von Braun, J;Rising food prices: What should be done?
Willmott.C.J;Willmott.C.J;Statistics for the evaluation and comparison of models.
et al;et al;Statistics for the evaluation and comparison of models.
Wooldridge, J.M;Wooldridge, J.M;Econometric analysis of cross section and panel data.
World Bank;World Bank;Philippines: Agriculture Public Expenditure Review.
